---
category: articles
layout: post
published: false
title: The Move
comments: true
---


I recently moved from Nashville to San Francisco. Nashville will always be my home; I grew up there since I was 2, I attended Hume Fogg right on Broadway, and I graduated from Vanderbilt. I've been there since the most popular places to hang out were franchises to as of late, when there's a boom in small business and the restaurant scene. The decision to move out of the city was difficult, but because Nashville is still in the process of becoming a larger city, there wasn't any job opportunities that I thought could really kick off my career. 

##Nashville
It's a beautiful city with a lot of heart. There's a lot of people coming from a lot of different places, but the warmth in the little interactions with a stranger is common. From making friends with my Baristas to continuously being treated to dessert at City House by one of my favorite employees, Nashville is unique for its friendliness and that should not be taken granted of. So for any of you in Nashville currently, I hope you won't. 

##San Francisco
It's a flourishing city with a lot of pitfalls. The food scene here is phenomenal (with a variety of ethnic food), and I'm in decent driving distance to the beach, wine country, and a national park. However, there is a large homeless population, there is a frequent stench of urine on the streets, and the cost of living here is extreme. But the truth is, the growth in this city economically is unbelievable. The number of start ups, venture capital firms, and well established companies like Google and Apple makes it a place with a lot to offer. 