---
category: articles
layout: post
published: false
title: "I QUIT!"
comments: true
---

## Moving Forward

I recently quit my job in Finance because I was unhappy. I wanted more from my job, myself, and my future.

## Background

I was working on a small team of 6 that supported Portfolio Managers in investing individuals/foundations' assets that were worth over $10M. I was the only female on the team, and the only ethnic minority on the team-- double whammy, right? 

## Why

There were a number of factors that contributed to my unhappiness; as I began to realize that a lot of these factors were cultural components that weren't going to change anytime soon, I had to rethink my own career. I was unhappy and I needed to pinpoint why I was unhappy, and what I could do for myself to BE happy. So, here's a breakdown:

1. Passion
2. Culture

### Passion
My first real job: helping wealthy individuals with millions of dollars, well, make more money. What did that mean to me? Nothing. Neither of my parents even graduated from high school and so the whole idea was ironic but it made me feel good about myself. It showed that I could climb the socioeconomic ladder, but I didn't feel like I was making a real impact on the world, or anyone who really _needed_ it. I didn't find meaning in my work but I had a yearning to help people who really needed it and to go to work and feel like I had a purpose. 

### Culture
People are everything in the workplace. They comprise the company culture and can really dictate how happy or unhappy you will be. My background was very different from my coworkers'. I am a first generation college graduate and my parents worked manual labor jobs; my coworkers on the other hand were white males that came from upper class families. There was a lot of insensitivity towards diversity, mostly unintentional, but it still existed and it made me feel ostracized.

When you're unhappy, leave. There is only so much you can do. Take charge and direct your own career; sometimes, it is the only thing we can do.





